danceability
key
loudness
speechiness
acousticness
liveness
valence
tempo
duration_ms
genre_pop
genre_rock
genre_electronic
genre_latin
genre_hip-hop
genre_indie
genre_jazz
genre_r&b
genre_soul
genre_metal
genre_classic
genre_country
poly_audio_danceability
poly_audio_energy
poly_audio_liveness
poly_audio_loudness
poly_audio_speechiness
poly_audio_tempo
poly_audio_valence
poly_audio_duration_ms
poly_audio_artist_popularity
poly_audio_danceability^2
poly_audio_danceability energy
poly_audio_danceability liveness
poly_audio_danceability loudness
poly_audio_danceability speechiness
poly_audio_danceability tempo
poly_audio_danceability valence
poly_audio_danceability duration_ms
poly_audio_danceability artist_popularity
poly_audio_energy^2
poly_audio_energy liveness
poly_audio_energy loudness
poly_audio_energy speechiness
poly_audio_energy tempo
poly_audio_energy valence
poly_audio_energy duration_ms
poly_audio_energy artist_popularity
poly_audio_liveness^2
poly_audio_liveness loudness
poly_audio_liveness speechiness
poly_audio_liveness tempo
poly_audio_liveness valence
poly_audio_liveness duration_ms
poly_audio_liveness artist_popularity
poly_audio_loudness^2
poly_audio_loudness speechiness
poly_audio_loudness tempo
poly_audio_loudness valence
poly_audio_loudness duration_ms
poly_audio_loudness artist_popularity
poly_audio_speechiness^2
poly_audio_speechiness tempo
poly_audio_speechiness valence
poly_audio_speechiness duration_ms
poly_audio_speechiness artist_popularity
poly_audio_tempo^2
poly_audio_tempo valence
poly_audio_tempo duration_ms
poly_audio_tempo artist_popularity
poly_audio_valence^2
poly_audio_valence duration_ms
poly_audio_valence artist_popularity
poly_audio_duration_ms^2
poly_audio_duration_ms artist_popularity
poly_audio_artist_popularity^2
poly_genre_genre_pop
poly_genre_genre_rock
poly_genre_genre_electronic
poly_genre_genre_latin
poly_genre_genre_hip-hop
poly_genre_genre_indie
poly_genre_genre_jazz
poly_genre_genre_r&b
poly_genre_genre_soul
poly_genre_genre_metal
poly_genre_genre_classic
poly_genre_genre_country
poly_genre_genre_pop^2
poly_genre_genre_pop genre_rock
poly_genre_genre_pop genre_electronic
poly_genre_genre_pop genre_latin
poly_genre_genre_pop genre_hip-hop
poly_genre_genre_pop genre_indie
poly_genre_genre_pop genre_jazz
poly_genre_genre_pop genre_r&b
poly_genre_genre_pop genre_soul
poly_genre_genre_pop genre_metal
poly_genre_genre_pop genre_classic
poly_genre_genre_pop genre_country
poly_genre_genre_rock^2
poly_genre_genre_rock genre_electronic
poly_genre_genre_rock genre_latin
poly_genre_genre_rock genre_hip-hop
poly_genre_genre_rock genre_indie
poly_genre_genre_rock genre_jazz
poly_genre_genre_rock genre_r&b
poly_genre_genre_rock genre_soul
poly_genre_genre_rock genre_metal
poly_genre_genre_rock genre_classic
poly_genre_genre_rock genre_country
poly_genre_genre_electronic^2
poly_genre_genre_electronic genre_latin
poly_genre_genre_electronic genre_hip-hop
poly_genre_genre_electronic genre_indie
poly_genre_genre_electronic genre_jazz
poly_genre_genre_electronic genre_r&b
poly_genre_genre_electronic genre_soul
poly_genre_genre_electronic genre_metal
poly_genre_genre_electronic genre_classic
poly_genre_genre_electronic genre_country
poly_genre_genre_latin^2
poly_genre_genre_latin genre_hip-hop
poly_genre_genre_latin genre_indie
poly_genre_genre_latin genre_jazz
poly_genre_genre_latin genre_r&b
poly_genre_genre_latin genre_soul
poly_genre_genre_latin genre_metal
poly_genre_genre_latin genre_classic
poly_genre_genre_latin genre_country
poly_genre_genre_hip-hop^2
poly_genre_genre_hip-hop genre_indie
poly_genre_genre_hip-hop genre_jazz
poly_genre_genre_hip-hop genre_r&b
poly_genre_genre_hip-hop genre_soul
poly_genre_genre_hip-hop genre_metal
poly_genre_genre_hip-hop genre_classic
poly_genre_genre_hip-hop genre_country
poly_genre_genre_indie^2
poly_genre_genre_indie genre_jazz
poly_genre_genre_indie genre_r&b
poly_genre_genre_indie genre_soul
poly_genre_genre_indie genre_metal
poly_genre_genre_indie genre_classic
poly_genre_genre_indie genre_country
poly_genre_genre_jazz^2
poly_genre_genre_jazz genre_r&b
poly_genre_genre_jazz genre_soul
poly_genre_genre_jazz genre_metal
poly_genre_genre_jazz genre_classic
poly_genre_genre_jazz genre_country
poly_genre_genre_r&b^2
poly_genre_genre_r&b genre_soul
poly_genre_genre_r&b genre_metal
poly_genre_genre_r&b genre_classic
poly_genre_genre_r&b genre_country
poly_genre_genre_soul^2
poly_genre_genre_soul genre_metal
poly_genre_genre_soul genre_classic
poly_genre_genre_soul genre_country
poly_genre_genre_metal^2
poly_genre_genre_metal genre_classic
poly_genre_genre_metal genre_country
poly_genre_genre_classic^2
poly_genre_genre_classic genre_country
poly_genre_genre_country^2
